Pay back the money, who the hell owes you money?
Levin, I'm begging you, Levin
Levin
That's disgusting. Go away
It's just social trash like you.
I'm sorry, is it death?
What the hell is the point of me living?
Bangs, you trash this
Are you happy?
Bangs, please give me the money back.
Brother Bing, be gentle
Soldiers also exploded
nurse
Please I beg you
I beg you.
Where are you going with my mom?
You owe the drug bill for more than a month
You think my hospital is doing charity
If you don't have any money, get out of here
You can relieve me for a few more days, just a few more days.
I must go out and borrow money
Turn right when you go out and benefit from 51 days
Don't be so big, or I'll come back later.
Come on.
Mom, how are you?
We're not going.
Go home and take you down